                                  UNISIM

    Simulation is a solution to the test needs of both microprocessors and software 
running on microprocessors. A silicon implementation of these microprocessors is
usually not available before the end of the architecture design flow, essentially
for cost reasons. The sooner these simulation models are available, the sooner the
compilers, the operating system and the applications can be designed while meeting
a good integration with the architecture.
    Actually, simulation is the core of research in micro-architecture since it
allows evaluating new techniques in various contexts, and gives a better understanding
of their properties. Simulation is also a convenient technique to debug software
where a hardware prototype is not yet available. The capabilities of simulation
platforms to inject faults into the simulated system and to easily observe the
system behavior are also useful during hardware and software integration process.
    Since a couple of years, SystemC has emerged as a defacto standard for simulating
systems on chip (SoC) and embedded processors. The main assets of SystemC are the
modular structure of simulators which facilitates components reuse and sharing,
its ability to combine cycle level and transactional level modeling, and now its
large use by the community.

UNISIM is a joint open source initiative of CEA List, INRIA Futurs and Princeton
University to develop a complete simulation environment based on SystemC. Other
institutions have also participated: Brigham Young University, Universitat Politecnica
de Catalunya, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Ghent University, University of 
Perpignan, ARM and ST Microelectronics.

UNISIM brings:
  (1) A methodology for developing the hardware models;
  (2) A library of hardware models;
  (3) Several tools to facilitate hardware model development/debugging/exploitation.

It is freely available on the web at http://www.unisim.org and through subversion
at https://www.unisim.org/svn (use "guest" as login and no password).

UNISIM softwares are composed of three main packages:
- UNISIM Tools (located in sub-directory unisim_tools)
- UNISIM Library (located in sub-directory unisim_lib)
- UNISIM Simulators (located in sub-directory unisim_simulators)
And an optional package for unit module tests:
- UNISIM Tests (located in sub-directory unisim_tests)

See file README in each subdirectory for information on a particular package of UNISIM
See file COPYING of each package for license information.
For installation instructions, please read file INSTALL
